Downloaded From AnimeArcadia.lk
-[alarms wailing]
-[bystanders clamoring]
[distressing music playing]
[Sentry] It's impossible.
[Patriot] We're demon hunters.
Getting killed by the impossible's
an everyday hazard.
This time is different.
We have no recorded cases
of any demon higher than Type 2.
But these demons, what they could do…
Their power level marks them as Type 4s.
At least.
The real question is,
where's this apocalypse at, huh?
After all the hype,
I'm almost disappointed.
Whatcha mean?
I mean, the Rabbit has Sparda's sword
and both halves of the amulet.
That's everything it needs
to blow our world wide open.
So, why is this wall still standing?
[Mary] You can ask it in person.
The amulet stopped a few miles north.
This dumbfuck devil spawn
has no idea it's leading us right to it.
Grab what you need, we leave in 60.
-[Mary] I'll admit I had doubts about you.
-[cocks gun]
But the way you charged in
to take the Rabbit on solo…
You've got some elite-sized balls.
Can you stand?
100%, Lieutenant. Absolutely. Good to go.
[grunts]
Maybe just a little longer.
Sit tight. We'll call Evac for you.
[agent] I can take his place, Lieutenant.
That blast from the Rabbit's sword
laid me out, but I'm good now.
I want to see this mission
through to the end.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[energy crackles]
-[trilling] Shh.
[gasps]
If you hadn't gotten me out of the way…
I know.
Just try a little harder
not to get yourself killed this time.
All right?
No promises.
Let's go get this
carrot-munching motherfucker.
["Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle)"
by Limp Bizkit playing]
♪ Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Your… your… your hands up ♪
♪ Throw your hands up
Throw your hands up ♪
♪ Move in, now move out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in, now breathe out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin', rollin'
Rollin', rollin' ♪
♪ Hey, ladies, hey, fellas ♪
♪ And the people that don't give a **** ♪
♪ All the lovers, all the haters ♪
♪ And all the people
That call themselves players ♪
♪ Hot mommas, pimp daddies ♪
♪ And the people rollin' up in Caddies ♪
♪ Hey, rockers, hip-hoppers ♪
♪ And everybody all around the world ♪
♪ Move in, now move out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Breathe in, now breathe out
Hands up, now hands down ♪
♪ Back up, back up
Tell me what you're gonna do now ♪
♪ Keep rollin'
Rollin', rollin', rollin' ♪
[song trails off]
[eerie, distressing music playing]
[Dante groaning]
You have to keep this safe, always.
You promise?
I promise.
Where's mine? I want mine now.
-Vergil, do you promise to take--
-Yeah, I promise. Give it.
There.
Two perfect halves of a whole.
I think mine's bigger.
No, it's not. Let me see.
Hey.
Okay, boys, that's enough.
I said enough!
[Dante] I'm not sleepy enough.
You're never sleepy.
Why can't you be more like your brother?
Okay, what story do you want tonight?
Tell me about Dad.
Do we get to meet him soon?
All right,
I'll tell you a story about Dad.
But after that you have to go to sleep.
Your dad…
Son of Sparda.
[White Rabbit chuckles]
Why does my head feel like this?
I'd say it's a miracle
it feels like anything.
Enzo?
Hey, good news, kid.
Looks like you're still alive.
The bad news is we're prisoners again.
[captives straining, struggling]
[Baines] So, you did survive the bomb.
By his hand, all things are possible.
I know your voice, and your face.
Aren't you the guy
in those mattress commercials?
Close.
-He's the vice president.
-Oh.
[red demon] You're awake.
Remind me again,
which of you is the Human Torch knockoff,
and which is the talking leaf blower?
You sure you want to be
insulting us right now?
And he's obviously the leaf blower.
Come on!
Agni, the video.
Right. Rabbit left a video for you.
Trust me. It's a good one.
-You've got to put the thing in the--
-I know!
It's not my fault
the humans made the hole too small.
Dante, have you considered
what I told you?
You mean what you said
about my soul being dirty?
I said that God may yet redeem you,
regardless of your origins.
Surely you see
how he must have a plan for you,
to bring you back from the brink of death.
No disrespect, Mr. Vice,
but these guys knew your exact location
and jacked your plane like it was nothing.
I think death's still very much
on the table for all of us.
[Baines] No.
This isn't where my death will come.
How do you know?
Because God will not allow it
until the purpose
he intends for me is fulfilled.
We are all servants of the Lord's plan,
willingly or not.
[Agni] Got it!
Welcome aboard Air Force Two.
We ask that you please
pay attention to the screen
for an important safety announcement.
You're all going to die.
That is,
unless the son of Sparda can save you.
Son of a what? Huh?
[tense, disorienting music playing]
[chuckling smugly]
Looks like the amulet's on the top floor.
Along with the Rabbit, I'm betting.
Strange hideout for a demon bunny.
What did you expect?
Some sort of giant underground burrow?
I mean, I don't know.
Kinda.
Backup's still four minutes out.
We can't wait.
That thing could put the sword
and the amulet together
and end the world anytime it wants.
We go in now.
Take the stairs and stay sharp.
We have to be ready
for any kind of fucked up demon bull--
[resounding thud]
[gasps]
…shit.
This is Ninja for HQ. HQ, do you copy?
[static buzzing]
Anyone? God damn it.
[White Rabbit] Attention all residents.
A terrorist group known as "DARKCOM"
has just entered the building.
Their intentions are extremely hostile.
I'm not asking you to fight them.
I'm simply encouraging it.
Anyone caught engaging with them
in a friendly or neutral manner
will be subject to immediate execution.
Have a great day.
[King] God damn.
Who the hell else
does he have locked in here?
We walked into his own personal fortress.
The mission hasn't changed.
We get to the top floor,
we get the amulet, we get out.
However we can.
We're with you. Let's move.
[foreboding music playing]
Even cut off the communication line.
[slick slithering]
This is way more sophisticated technology
than we've seen any of them use before.
What kind of demon is this?
One slightly worse
than your usual landlord.
-[quivering thrum]
-[squelch]
Sentry?
An energy sword.
[groans] Fascinating.
Fire!
[dark, brooding metal music playing]
[bellows]
Damn it.
I…
Stay with me. Please.
No!
[grunts]
[Mary straining]
[plant demon] Yes, watch them die.
After all, it was you who marched them
straight into our warm embrace.
[gun trilling]
Embrace this.
[seethes]
[panting]
[grunts]
[disorienting, distressing music playing]
Shit.
[White Rabbit] Yes, Dante, I've known
your true origins for some time,
and if you're honest with yourself,
you know it too.
You must have accepted by now
you have demon blood.
Would just any hybrid,
the child of some common brute
and a frail sapien,
be able to do the things you can do?
Why did half of the amulet that Sparda
used to seal the rift between realms
end up as a piece of your jewelry?
The deadbeat father you never met,
who abandoned
your family without a thought,
was the noble and exalted
demon knight Sparda.
Right, Sparda.
Sure thing.
-Can you believe this guy?
-Huh?
I could go on and on listing evidence,
but really, look at you.
Everything about you
marks you as a child of aristocracy.
You know nothing of the pain
and misery in our world,
what your father dooms us to
with his sadistic barrier.
He rebelled against a brutal tyrant,
then locked us in a cell together
while he lived as a hero among humans.
Sparda was nothing
but a narcissistic coward.
[inhales sharply]
You've done his legacy proud.
Damn.
You gonna let him
talk about your dad like that?
[chuckles wryly]
Sorry.
Got off on a tangent there.
The point is, the plane you're on
is rigged with explosives,
which my men will detonate momentarily.
Leaving everyone plunging toward
a squishy and undignified end.
But not to worry,
as Sparda's son, it should be simple
for you to activate your Devil Trigger
and save them all.
I'd bet on it.
[panicked straining]
[Enzo chuckling]
Wow, my good buddy and protégé,
the son of Sparda.
Come on, even if my dad
might have been demon, Sparda isn't real.
He's their version of the boogeyman.
[blue demon] No, he's real.
So real.
Take it from us who've been living
with the fallout of his betrayal
for the last two millennia.
Ha, see? Two millennia.
You really think my dad is a demon
from 200,000 years ago?
How old do I look?
I'm sure you're aware
that demons age differently than humans.
It is entirely possible that Sparda
lived long enough to be your father,
or that he lives still.
Dante, I've always known
you were part demon.
All right, I didn't know. I suspected.
Had an inkling, maybe.
I just couldn't figure how,
but you being Sparda's son
explains everything.
He's the good demon.
He fought for us against them.
That's what's in your blood. You get it?
Let's see if he's right.
You heard Rabbit.
Either you stop us,
or we blow them out of the sky.
It's all right, everyone,
Dante is going to use
that Devil Trigger of his to save us.
What is a Devil Trigger, anyway?
No idea.
Great. We're going to die.
No, we're not.
I don't need any kind of trigger
to beat these two.
What are they going to do?
Form half a Captain Planet?
I wouldn't be so cocky, mate.
After all,
you failed at saving
your own mom and brother.
[Dante gasps]
Oh, yeah.
Rabbit knows all about
what happened to them too.
How you just hid and watched as they died.
[gasps]
I was a helpless kid
when those demons attacked us.
I'm not one anymore.
Well, let's see if we can't
make you feel a little nostalgic.
[rowdy rock music playing]
[music halts]
[coughing]
[gasping]
[tense, distressing music playing]
[coughing]
Lieutenant.
You did this.
[vines creaking]
You killed us.
Just like you killed…
No.
Mary.
Dad?
Look at what you've done.
[Mary yelling]
[distressing music intensifying]
This isn't real. You're not real.
You're real.
[frenetic music building]
[whispers] Go away. Get out of here.
There's nowhere to go.
I know the Rabbit threatened you,
has everyone here hostage,
but there is a demon right behind me.
You're with those soldiers.
We don't want any trouble.
There are no more soldiers.
The demons killed them all.
It's just me. Please.
Quickly.
[knocking at door]
[winged demon] Open.
[winged demon speaking demonic]
No, no. [replying in demonic]
[Mary gasps]
[tense, fraught music playing]
-Now, please, just go and leave us.
-[gun cocks]
[raucous metal music playing]
[Agni] Poor little half-breed.
Gets hit with one measly fireball,
and turns into a whimpering baby.
[klaxon wails]
Seems like that strength Sparda gave you
won't be much use up here.
As useless as the man himself.
The way we heard it, he didn't even
bother showing up to protect you.
[raucous metal music halts]
[muffled] Ooh, watch out for the left!
Look on the bright side.
After watching your whole family die,
watching these people die
should be easy for you.
[raucous metal music pounding]
[mockingly] Aw.
The one time you're fighting
for something other than yourself,
and this is how you do it?
Rabbit was right about you.
[Dante panting]
[blade ringing]
[Dante grunts]
You're just like your dad.
[Agni chuckling]
[muffled thud]
[delicate, disorienting music playing]
[Dante's mother] Your dad…
Your dad was a brave warrior.
The bravest who ever lived.
He fought against all the bad things
so we could be free.
[Dante crying out]
[epic music building]
[Agni] Huh?
[Dante, hoarsely] You're right.
I am like him.
Truly remarkable.
Wow. What is that?
I think this is the Devil Trigger.
Also, I think I'm the son of Sparda.
I've been trying to tell you.
He's ready. Blow the charges.
Yeah.
Just give me a second to kill him first.
[Agni snaps]
We could say he died in the blast.
[forceful rock music playing]
Getting killed with your own sword…
that'd be embarrassing.
Brother!
[disorienting music playing]
We risked everything to hide you.
Now you turn your gun on us? On our kids?
We want nothing from you.
Just leave, please.
Your friend slaughtered my team.
You think we're with…
with them?
She's a sapien.
Of course she thinks
all demons are the same.
If you're not with
the White Rabbit's gang,
why are you here?
We… We needed a way out. He had one.
A way out of where?
Makai.
You call it the Demon Realm, or Hell.
But it's not Hell.
It's worse.
A desolate place, barely suited for life.
And that was before the warlords
ravaged what few resources we had,
and turned the atmosphere toxic.
Only the strongest Makaians
can stand to breathe it.
For those like us…
[Makaian 1] The air itself is poison.
Children rarely survive their first year.
We couldn't accept that fate.
[Mary] Weak-ass sob story.
It doesn't explain how the overgrown
rodent got you into our realm.
With a device that he built.
He showed up with it a year ago,
offering passage to this world
for anyone who wanted.
Dozens of families like us came.
[Makaian 2]
We did it so our children could live,
and live in a better world.
Then we realized,
there is no better world for us.
Sapiens hate and fear our kind.
We'll never be able
to mix openly amongst you.
We have no choice
but to stay here in hiding,
doing whatever that lunatic tells us,
and turning a blind eye to… to his…
To his what?
The children who are orphans,
he does tests on them.
Experiments.
[Mary gasps]
All we're trying to do is survive.
Like you.
I know better
than to trust the words of a demon,
but after everything that's happened,
maybe I don't actually know shit.
My backup should be outside by now.
I'll find a way to get them in,
then I'm going Rabbit hunting.
I'll make sure you're protected.
You and the other…
families.
[raucous rock music building]
You killed my brother.
But unlike yours,
he will have vengeance.
Don't do it.
[panicked exclaiming]
[suspenseful music intensifying]
[beep]
[passengers screaming]
[Dante screaming] Oh, shit!
["Devils Never Cry" plays]
♪ Bless me ♪
♪ With the leaf off of the tree ♪
♪ On it, I see ♪
♪ The freedom reign ♪
♪ We are falling ♪
♪ The light is calling ♪
♪ Tears inside me ♪
♪ Calm me down ♪
♪ Midnight calling ♪
♪ Mist of resolving ♪
♪ Crown me ♪
♪ With the pure, green leaf ♪
♪ Praise to my father ♪
♪ Blessed by the water ♪
♪ Black light, dark sky ♪
IN MEMORY OF KEVIN CONROY (1955-2022)
♪ The devil's cry ♪